[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
To protect his true identity
while accomplishing feats of
derring-do in Super Saiyan
form, Gohan enlisted the
help of a special
cloaking device.
Meanwhile, Videl--the
daughter of Mr. Satan--
once again plunged
headfirst into danger
while defending law and
order in her father's city.
Luckily, when things
looked their darkest,
enter Gohan to the
rescue as Great Saiyaman!
[screaming]
[MAN 3A] It looks
like they're gonna crash!
[MAN 3B]
Wait, look!
Hm!
[NEWSCASTER] Despite
catastrophic engine failure,
the plane managed
to touch down safely
at Satan
International Airport.
Proving once again
the selflessness
and heroism of
Great Saiyaman!
Mr. Saiyaman.
How do you respond
to the press touting you as
Mr. Satan's successor
in the hero biz?
[REPORTER 3B]
Is there a Mrs. Saiyaman?
[REPORTER 3C]
Where do you go from here?
Where do I go?
Up. Down. Sideways.
Where there is need.
Where there is injustice.
Where there is danger.
That's where I'll go!
Evildoers beware!
So long as Great Saiyaman
patrols the skies, you're toast!
It's just what I do.
[ALL]
Huh?
What a weirdo.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[MAN 3C]
Fire! Fire!
[MAN 3D] There's a bunch of
people trapped on the roof who
couldn't make it down before
the stairwell collapsed.
[MAN 3E]
That's horrible!
[MAN 3D]
I know!
[WOMAN 3A screams]
Somebody help us!
Can't we bring her in closer?
No way.
Sorry.
The blaze is
creating an updraft.
It's too risky.
We have
to do something!
Hang on, look. There's
a water tank down there.
We can use that, right?
[CONTROLLER]
To do what, exactly?
Well, last time I checked,
firemen used water.
I see what you're getting at,
but the split on this
thing is designed to channel its
reserves down an axial pipeline.
There'd be spillage.
But that's assuming the valve's
not been melted
shut by the heat.
[VIDEL] I'll take my
chances. It's all I've got.
You might douse the roof,
but there's not going
to be enough pressure
behind it to do anything
about the other floors.
[VIDEL] I'm not trying
to save the building,
I'm trying to
save the people.
Wait. You're not--
Wish me luck down there, 'kay?
[PILOT]
Videl!
[VIDEL]
Bingo.
[yelps]
C'mon, work with me!
No! They're done for!
[VIDEL yells]
Great Saiyaman is here!
You're saved!
Uh, step aside?
Okay.
He's done it again!
[CROWD cheers]
[grunts]
[NEWSCASTER] Once more,
the masked man has proved
his mettle
and saved lives.
Possibly this city's
greatest champion
since Mr. Satan himself.
Ha!
'Scuse me if I don't
feel threatened.
Look at this guy.
Greatest champion
since my foot.
I've had
warts bigger 'n him.
[laughs]
[birds chirping]
[GOHAN]
Later!
[GOTEN]
Gohan!
Huh?
Wait up!
Say you'll be safe!
[GOHAN]
I will.
Look at you!
Catchin' air like a pro!
Yeah! I learned it
from watching you!
Right. See ya!
See ya!
Totally sweet!
With my costume switched
on I can make it to
school in time and
nobody'll ever know.
Uh-oh.
You're kidding me.
What am I gonna do?
I can't ditch the
disguise with her around!
Evasive maneuvers!
Good luck shaking me!
Oh man,
get a hobby already!
Haven't you got bad
guys to chase or somethin'?
[CITIZENS scream]
[tires screech]
Today's the day I'm
finally going to unmask you.
Huh?
[screams]
Oh man, a lot of good
this brilliant idea did me;
the whole point
was not to be late.
I'm gonna have to
double-time it just to--
[chuckles nervously]
Good morning.
Good morning!
Excellent work
tracking me down!
I'm actually impressed.
[VIDEL] It's not really
all that hard
when you dress like that.
Come on.
Let's have a look at
what your mask is hiding.
[GOHAN]
Uh. Sorry.
I'm afraid that's
out of the question.
My true identity would put
too many people in harm's way.
I can only be known...
as Great Saiyaman!
Give it a rest.
Excuse me.
I'm trying to be serious here.
The only thing I can
take seriously about you
is the fact that
you're strong enough
to take on an army.
There's no way you're just
a normal everyday guy.
[GOHAN] Yeah,
that's the whole point.
If people knew the truth about
me, my chances of having
a regular life would
be non-existent.
You losing
the mask or what?
I told you. I can't.
You realize the more
you fight it
the more I wanna find out.
Oh, you wouldn't dare!
Sorry.
[VIDEL] Whatever you're
about to do, don't!
[GOHAN] I think
it's best if I just
leave this here for now.
See you at schoo--uh,
I mean, farewell, citizen.
I am so going to find
out who you really are.
I am so gonna be tardy. Aah!
[class bell chimes]
Sorry!
Got here as
soon as I could!
Bah. No harm done.
It's all right.
We're more
than happy to make
allowances for a
busy gal like yourself.
Now... Grab your seat
and turn to unit twelve.
Yessir.
Did you get wrapped up in some
drama this morning, or what?
I guess. Sort of.
Well. We expect it of you,
but if Gohan crawls
in late again,
people are gonna talk.
Huh? Gohan was tardy?
Got here just
before you did.
I forgot to set
my alarm last night.
[laughs nervously]
[VIDEL]
What a coincidence.
Great Saiyaman looked like
he was headed in this direction.
[laughs nervously]
[VIDEL]
Something doesn't add up.
[class bell chimes]
[sirens wail]
Look out!
Fire Hydrant!
[GANG GUY 3B]
Wow. That was easy.
Fuzz in this city
are bigger pushovers
than ma's parole agent.
Yeah.
Doesn't look like the Boss
Man's gonna have a lick of
trouble gettin' his hooks
into the local scenery.
Let's go tell him
the good news.
[BOTH laugh]
[GOHAN]
Not so fast.
I think you owe some
people an apology.
[BOTH]
Huh?
You kiddin' me?
Heh.
[GANG GUY 3B] Somebody's sure
got a mouth on 'em, ain't they?
Kid your age better watch out
before that youthful
confidence of yours
lands you on the wrong
side of the Red Shark Gang.
Oh no!
Violence never
solves anything.
Really?
You leave me no choice.
Seriously?
[VIDEL] Aah!
[GOHAN groans]
Gohan!
Whoa!
Wait! Dude, that's--!
Yeah, you, uh...
...win this round.
You all right?
They hurt you?
[GANG GUY 3B]
This ain't over!
Nah.
I'm A-okay, thanks.
But it looked like you just took
a crazy right hook to the nose.
Oh, uh. Really?
Guess the fella's bark
was worse than his bite?
[chuckles]
Still, I feel bad.
I should've stepped in sooner,
but crazy as it sounds,
I had this idea you might
be Great Saiyaman,
so I stood back and waited
to see what you'd do.
Huh. Interesting.
[VIDEL]
Clearly I was wrong.
I'm just glad I snapped out
of it before things got worse;
I was ready to let those
thugs do a number on you.
But, for the record, I'm
glad they weren't so tough.
Ha! Thanks.
[GOHAN]
Whew. That was close.
If she'd seen
me fight for real
my secret would've
been out for sure!
Ah, chief.
Don't feel too bad;
that lil' minx was
Mr. Satan's daughter.
Word through the grapevine is
she's badder than her old man.
Yeah, well, take it from me,
the apple don't fall
far from the tree.
Still, bad as my cheek is,
my hand's on fire.
Feels like I took
a pot-shot at a wall.
Yeah!
Damn it! The bastard's face
must've been
made outta titanium.
[ERASA] Then I was
all, like, nuh-uh.
So we decided to do some
window shopping, and guess what?
We ran into the same
exact hotties in the food court.
[beeping]
Videl. Go ahead, sir.
[RADIO]
Urgent!
Some jackboots
calling themselves the
Red Shark Gang have
taken the mayor hostage!
[GOHAN]
Whoa.
[tires screech]
Right... I'm only
gonna say this once:
our terms are simple.
Bring in Mr. Satan or
get a new mayor.
Ha! You must be
new around here
if you think
you can take him on.
Yeah? We'll see if you're
singin' the same tune
once our boss shows up.
You--You're insane!
[ROCK]
Right.
Insane. 'Cause I won't
knuckle under to a has-been?
Face the facts, Mr. Mayor:
Times have changed.
This town's precious hero
is about to fall hard.
[chuckles]
You tell 'em, Rock.
Once Mr. Satan's
out of the way,
this town'll be under
new management.
You must admit "Rock City"
has a certain ring to it.
Aw, did I touch a nerve?
[growls lowly]
[ROCK] What's the hold up?
Need a demonstration
of how serious we are?
[POLICEMEN yelling]
Get him here, now!
We're trying, sir!
He won't answer his phone
and it's not switching
over to voicemail!
[phone ringing]
[MR. SATAN]
Ah for cryin' out loud.
When you're a star,
the public just won't give
you a moment's peace.
Don't they understand a
guy's gotta pick his battles?
I can't be there to wipe
their noses every two seconds.
I didn't last this long
by squarin' off with
every punk who
wants a piece of me.
'Sides, these freaks
have, like, weapons.
He drags his feet much longer
we're gonna burn
this whole place down!
Sorry, teach.
I've gotta go!
That's our girl;
give 'em what-for!
[GOHAN]
Uh, Miss!
Huh?
Yeah. I, uh--
need to use the
little boy's room, please?
Hm. Sure ya do.
Oh, no. I'm not falling
for that trick again.
Every time I let you
go you vanish into thin air.
Top of the class or not,
for the foreseeable
future I'm tightening
your leash.
Guess you'll have
to hold it, huh?
Dork.
[MAYOR growls lowly]
[ROCK chuckles]
[distant whirr]
[ALL chuckle]
[GANG GUY C]
Is that him?
Enough of this.
Let the mayor go right now!
Nice. That's the one
I was tellin' ya about;
the big guy's daughter.
Ah. I understand
you're pretty tough.
Respect.
But I am not interested.
Unless the old man sent
you to do his dirty work.
[VIDEL] You think you're the
first thug who's waltzed into
town lookin' to make a
name for himself by
going one-on-one
with my dad?
Trust me, this isn't about
me doing his dirty work
so much as him giving me
an early birthday present.
Ouch.
Hey! Watch the tone!
She may not look it,
but that girl's
every bit as powerful
as her daddy!
Ah. So in other words
what I'm hearing is that
defeating his daughter
equals taking Mr. Satan
down by proxy.
Fine then.
Hate to ruin a
pretty face, though.
Heh. Sure hope you know
what you're in for,
tangling with the
likes of the Rock,
'cause it's about
to get heavy.
[VIDEL grunts]
Guess I can see why you're
the boss of this goon squad.
Heh. That smile
will look like a quarry
when I am finished.
[GOHAN] That's a pretty
big power level out there.
Videl's in trouble!
I've got to help her,
but how'm I supposed
to sneak out of here?
[TEACHER A] "Hunger my
driver, I go where I must."
"Cold blows the winter
wind over hill and heather;
Thick drives the rain,
and my roof is in the dust.
Loved of the wise men...
[GOHAN] Come on,
there has to be a way.
Think.
Think!
"Dear days of old,
with the faces in the firelight,
kind folks of old,
you come again no more.
Home was my home then,
my dear, full of kindly faces."
"Home was home then,
my dear, happy for the child,
Fire and the windows bright
glittered on the moorland"
Ah! Tremor!
[STUDENTS gasp, clamour]
[TEACHER]
Stay calm, everyone!
Under your desks, now!
[STUDENTS screaming]
[GOHAN]
Awesome!
Transform!
Heh.
You know how to
handle yourself, huh?
[VIDEL]
Ah!
You monster!
Try that on me, cowards.
Hey! Who're you s'posed to be?
[GOHAN chuckles]
Funny you should ask.
Some call me a hero.
Others, a nightmare!
Enough already!
Aaah!
Uh, 'scuse me.
Trying to make
an entrance here.
Yeah? Well nobody
asked you to.
I've got things under
control here, so--
Eh?
Thank you but I can
fight my own fight.
Wow. Okay.
Great. They're having
a lover's spat.
Look, just
move on, all right?
[GOHAN] You don't have to
be so mean about it.
I'm just trying to help.
I mean--
Knock it off!
Will someone take
care of the meddling
cosmonaut or do I
have to do everything?
[GANG GUY 3A] Sir!
[GANG GUY 3B] I'm on it!
[yells, groans]
You!
They didn't hurt you
did they, Mr. Mayor?
Nah. I'm all right.
Freak!
[MAYOR hollers]
[ROCK]
Playtime's over.
[VIDEL groaning]
Put her down!
[groans]
[GOHAN]
Wow, that's, uh--
She could really teach her
dad a thing or two, huh?
[chuckles]
[OFFICER 3B]
Book 'em, boys.
[OFFICER 3C]
Watch your head.
Wouldn't want
you to hurt yourself.
[OFFICER 3A] Hey, did anyone
read them their rights?
[GOHAN]
Great Saiyaman away!
[VIDEL] Hang on.
[GOHAN] Huh?
Thank you.
Oh. Yeah, sure.
This doesn't get you
off the hook for being
all coy about
your secret identity.
One way or another I'm
gonna find out who you are.
[laughs]
Well, best 'o luck. Bye!
What? He ditched again?
Uh huh. Slipped
away like a ninja
while the rest of
us were freaking out
over the earthquake.
What's really weird is
that he showed back up
right before you did.
I knew it!
Gohan?
[ERASA]
Where'd he run off to?
He was just
here a second ago.
[SHARPNER laughs]
Like a total boss.
Houdini's got
nothing on him.
[NARRATOR] Once again,
Great Saiyaman has
successfully fought crime to
protect the city,
but can he succeed in protecting
his secret identity from the
watchful gaze of Videl?
Find out--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me--Goku!
Can't believe someone could
be bad enough to take baby
Chibi and parade him around
like a carnival act.
[VIDEL] What's with you
kidnapping a monster?
Seems kinda left field
of defending justice,
don't you think?
[GOHAN]
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
This isn't what it
looks like! I swear!
Please stop throwing
punches at me!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Listen, you've
got the wrong idea!
I'm not a kidnapper!